add SlimDX (#476)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/Engine.SlimDX.md

> [**SlimDX**](github.com/SlimDX) is a free open source framework that enables developers to easily build DirectX applications using .NET technologies such as C#, VB.NET, and IronPython.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**SlimDX**](https://web.archive.org/web/20190504131017/https://slimdx.org/) is a free open source framework that enables developers to easily build DirectX applications using .NET technologies such as C#, VB.NET, and IronPython.
```
let's link to the last working version of their website
